Clarify that publicNetworkAccess is not applicable for APIM Premium V2 VNet-injected instances (#128611)
Azure/azure-content: articles/api-management/virtual-network-concepts.md

:::image type="content" source="./media/inject-vnet-v2/vnet-injection.png" alt-text="Diagram of injecting an API Management instance in a virtual network to isolate inbound and outbound traffic."  :::

> [!NOTE]

> > When using VNet injection (Internal mode), the `publicNetworkAccess` property is not applicable. The network perimeter is controlled by the customer through NSG rules and VNet routing. Setting `publicNetworkAccess` to either `Enabled` or `Disabled` on a VNet-injected instance has no effect on traffic behaviour.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> When using VNet injection (Internal mode), the `publicNetworkAccess` property is not applicable. The network perimeter is controlled using NSG rules and VNet routing. Setting `publicNetworkAccess` to either `Enabled` or `Disabled` on a VNet-injected instance has no effect on traffic behavior.
```
